Various assignments for my Business App Development class.
Using Java coding through eclipse IDE, I would fulfill assignments and collaborate with classmates (names mentioned in files) in order to complete projects.
The main project that lasted for the entire semester was to blend financial literacy and show that through coding. We had to properly execute a financial recordbook for expenses that a college student might have.

Another assignment included a UML diagram to understand and illustrate what a body of code looks like in a more understandable way. Breakdown of public classes, constructor classes, and defining objects of the workspace were key to the UML diagram.

Extra Credit file that has me answer questions based on code generated by the professor in order to prove my understanding of code as well as practical and real-world uses for certain methods that could be executed through the use of Java coding.

Another file used for web scraping. Showcases the use of package importing and deriving information from a website. Rather than creating own data, this project sought to pull data that is already available on a website. Had to use "inspect element" function in order to find the necessary element id tags that were necessary for fulfilling this web crawler application. This project wasn't finished entirely in the scope of which my classmate and I had hoped, so we had submitted our progress up until the due date and were satisfied that our code produced at least some sort of output that was clear.
